com/bbongdoo/doo/service/SearchService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.SearchService
com/bbongdoo/doo/controller/AutoRestController.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.controller.AutoRestController
com/bbongdoo/doo/config/AsyncConfig.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.config.AsyncConfig
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/IndicesService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.IndicesService
com/bbongdoo/doo/controller/GoodsRestController.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.controller.GoodsRestController
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/ExcutorService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.ExcutorService
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.ExcutorService$1
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/AsyncIndexService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.AsyncIndexService
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/CrawlerService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.CrawlerService
com/bbongdoo/doo/entities/Location.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.entities.Location
com/bbongdoo/doo/cron/GoodsCron.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.cron.GoodsCron
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/GoodsService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.GoodsService
com/bbongdoo/doo/domain/LocationsRepository.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.domain.LocationsRepository
com/bbongdoo/doo/IndexerApplication.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.IndexerApplication
com/bbongdoo/doo/cron/IndexCron.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.cron.IndexCron
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/IndexService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.IndexService
com/bbongdoo/doo/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.config.SwaggerConfig
com/bbongdoo/doo/domain/Locations.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.domain.Locations
 com.bbongdoo.doo.domain.Locations$LocationsBuilder
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/FileService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.FileService
com/bbongdoo/doo/controller/ProductsRestController.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.controller.ProductsRestController
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/IndexerService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.IndexerService
com/bbongdoo/doo/entities/Shop.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.entities.Shop
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/ProductsService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.ProductsService
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/AutoService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.AutoService
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/LocationService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.LocationService
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/GoodsAsyncService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.GoodsAsyncService
com/bbongdoo/doo/utils/FileUtils.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.utils.FileUtils
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/TestService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.TestService
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/Work.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.Work
com/bbongdoo/doo/service/DocumentBulkService.java
 com.bbongdoo.doo.service.DocumentBulkService
